Now that the Google Cloud SDK is all installed and configured, we're going to tell it to go and fetch
some context information to connect to the cluster we just created in Google Cloud.
Now, how we do this really comes down to a little decision that you need to make on your end.
At this point in time, we still have Docker for Mac or Docker for Windows running up here.
So if I click on that little icon, yep, Docker is running and Kubernetes is running.
If you do not want to run Docker on your local machine at all anymore, then you're going to run the
two commands you see over here to the left hand side.
First off, you're going to close Docker desktop, so you'll go up there and hit Docker Desktop.
You'll then run Google Cloud or G Cloud components, install cube ETL that will grab a custom version
or really not a custom version, but it will grab cube ETL and install it on your local machine.
Because of that, you no longer have to be running this Docker client and you can even uninstall that
local Docker client.
You'll then run g cloud container clusters.
Get credentials.
And then whatever your cluster name is, your cluster name is going to be back over on your dashboard.
It'll be whatever name we entered in right there, which in this case is ticketing dash dev.
So if you go through this process, you no longer need Docker for desktop on your local machine.
If you're still running Docker or you still want to have this Docker client around, then you will instead
run G cloud container clusters, blah blah blah.
Chances are you're going to fit in this crew or this side over here.
The only reason to go with these stuff on the left hand side is if you really, truly are very sure
that you're not going to be running Docker locally anytime soon, or if you have space constraints on
your local machine or something like that.
So again, chances are you're going to be using this command over here on the right hand side.
As a matter of fact, that's what I'm going to do as well.
So I'm going to go back over to my terminal and I will run g cloud container clusters, get dash credentials,
and then the name of my cluster, which as we just saw a moment ago, is ticketing dash dev.
So I'll run that.
And then very quickly it'll pretty much resolve and kick me back to the command line.
So did it work?
Well, that's a good question.
I'm going to go back up here to the top right hand side.
Or find my little Docker for desktop icon, then go down to Kubernetes and you'll notice I now have
an additional entry in this little context menu.
So this little entry right here is how I'm going to tell Kube CTL that I want to connect to the Kubernetes
cluster that is running in Google Cloud.
If I ever want to use my local cluster instead, I can select Docker Desktop instead.
So let me show you this in action.
I'm going to select Docker Desktop and then at my terminal I'll do a queue.
It'll get pods and when I do so, you'll see that without a doubt I'm connected to my local cluster.
My local cluster has the auth pod running, which we created that deployment for just a little bit ago.
If I then go back up to this dropdown and select the other context, I am now connected through CTL
to the cluster that we just created in Google Cloud.
So I can now do a cube, CTL, get pods.
And you'll see that says no resources found.
That's because the cluster we just made in the cloud is, of course, running nothing whatsoever.
So we can now toggle between these two different clusters very easily if we need to.
Now, having said that, moving forward in the course really encourage you to keep your mind on this
little menu right here and make sure that you are always connected to the appropriate cluster.
So for right now, because I'm still going to show you how to finish up this initial setup of the cluster
in Google Cloud.
I'm going to leave it on that context.
But eventually, later on after we go through this Google Cloud setup, I'm going to eventually go back
to my local cluster.
And so at some point in time, I'm going to go here and go back to Docker Desktop instead.
Okay.
So this is looking pretty good, but we're not quite done yet.
Even though we have connected to this cluster that's running the cloud, we still do not have the ability
to tell scaffold to build any of our images.
Using this Google Cloud build thing.
So we saw it a little bit of set up to do.
Let's take a pause right here and then finish this stuff up in the next video.